README.md, before:

# Philippe Bazinet's Dot Files 🔨

## Overview 📒

- Contains many `dotfiles` for various packages.
- Includes a simple installation script for `macOS` to easily reproduce a development environment.
- Plus, much more...

## Packages 📁

### Tmux

- Custom `.tmux.conf` with improved theme and key bindings.
- Plugins for better integration and functionality.

### LazyVim (Nvim)

- Custom `keymaps.lua`, `lazy.lua`, and `options.lua` for LazyVim configuration.
- Configuration for better syntax highlighting and auto-completion.
- Mappings in `keymaps.lua` for efficient navigation and editing.

### Zsh

- Custom `.zshrc` with theme settings and plugin management using `Oh My Zsh` and `PowerLevel10k`.
- Aliases and functions to speed up command-line operations.
- Environment settings and exports for a better shell experience.

## Installation Script 📜

- A simple script to set up the entire development environment on `macOS`.
- Installs necessary packages and dependencies using `Homebrew`.
- Symlinks dotfiles to the appropriate locations using `Stow`.
- Ensures a consistent and reproducible setup.

### Make the Script Executable
- Before running the script, ensure it is executable.

```bash
chmod +x brew-install.sh
```

### Running the Script

To launch the installation script in the macOS terminal, use the following command:

```bash
./brew-install.sh
```

## General 💬

- Feel free to use my files to inspire you to write your own!

![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/chubby.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/screwdriver.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/key.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/boss.gif)

- 🔗 [Fabriktor Inc.](https://fabriktor.com)

Commit message:

perf(brew-install.sh): enhanced the script by adding a directory change to dotfiles folder

README.md, after:

# Philippe Bazinet's Dot Files 🔨

## Overview 📒

- Contains many `dotfiles` for various packages.
- Includes a simple installation script for `macOS` to easily reproduce a development environment.
- Plus, much more...

## Important ⚠️

- The repository should be cloned in the `~` directory and renamed to `.dotfiles`.

## Packages 📁

### Tmux

- Custom `.tmux.conf` with improved theme and key bindings.
- Plugins for better integration and functionality.

### LazyVim (Nvim)

- Custom `keymaps.lua`, `lazy.lua`, and `options.lua` for LazyVim configuration.
- Configuration for better syntax highlighting and auto-completion.
- Mappings in `keymaps.lua` for efficient navigation and editing.

### Zsh

- Custom `.zshrc` with theme settings and plugin management using `Oh My Zsh` and `PowerLevel10k`.
- Aliases and functions to speed up command-line operations.
- Environment settings and exports for a better shell experience.

### iTerm2

- Custom configuration for iTerm2 in `.setup.itermexport`.

## Installation Script 📜

- A simple script to set up the entire development environment on `macOS`.
- Installs necessary packages and dependencies using `Homebrew`.
- Symlinks dotfiles to the appropriate locations using `Stow`.
- Ensures a consistent and reproducible setup.

### Make the Script Executable

- Before running the script, ensure it is executable.

```bash
chmod +x brew-install.sh
```

### Running the Script

To launch the installation script in the macOS terminal, use the following command:

```bash
./brew-install.sh
```

## General 💬

- Feel free to use my files to inspire you to write your own!

![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/chubby.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/screwdriver.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/key.gif)
![Fabriktor Logo](https://backend.fabriktor.com/filehub/img/gitlab/boss.gif)

- 🔗 [Fabriktor Inc.](https://fabriktor.com)
